last season included only three
stages many months of pause were
tedious and the stages themselves rattled like
a bolt from the blue short
dwell on each
first stage on May 19, 2013
sunday season opening this day
will be very special in history
Krasnoyarsk survival races
like de huge big my sensations
the car got into good hands on it
Nikita Lavrov is a young driver
under the seventh number we'll see how u
he will have a race today
it is arrogance courage youth crammed
trails experience and skill and calculation
I care a little well, I think it will be
interesting fight in a car going to
Toyota targets bought from alexander
ponomareva total for this commotion of
three races could envy good
Russian fairy tale
the main favorites of bookmakers are autumn and
Ponomarev remained below prize winners
fifth and sixth place respectively a
winners lurking almost loves on
young Dmitriy took the third place
15-year-old Nikita laurels to
I received a special notary from my parents
race permit
The second stage of June 22, 2013 will be Saturday
center summer race will leaders be able to
autumn and ponomarev to restore
status quo or is it still passing
lose plus 5 this after the first
stages 12 brave souls came to the track
death to get an answer to this
the question is when it is interesting and it’s good that
newbies
Do not let relax experienced racer
such under Alexander Ponomarev
dmitry is very merry luck mill in
this time is cool but in the opposite direction
axes and ponomarev strongly detached from
main group or
measuring dot for victory in the end
first with a margin of just one point
It turned out Dmitry autumn 2 Panama third
the winner of the previous stage dmitri
the yugai wanted me in the second run very
seriously dota he liked me like
this race was more relaxed
already because there was anger after the second
arrival
third stage November 24, 2013
sunday season closing white snow
sul people checkered flag and here's a record
number of participants
as many as 19 cars rushed instead of everything
We understand that this is the last race everything went
all in
but not all of it came out as a result
fierce power struggle three race cars
lost the race in the third stage
final standings again left for
dmitriem about blue second in stage and
in the end, we stand back from Alexander
ponomareva
the third consecutive year the afterburner
finishes such a configuration like
Autumn duet Ponomarev turns
survive analog claims yes this is the way humiliated
in bronze final race in the overall standings
conquered young and already
it is a carrier to fence off the departed 3
after three stages
sorely failed
the last race that dropped it in general
fourth place
however, the box editorial recognized dmitry
the main discovery of the past season